The Joe Rogan experience.
You know, here's another thing, uh,
cause it's kinda along the same line and I hope I don't get emotional on this
one, but so, you know, when I was
15, I'd want to stay championship and uh,
uh,
my first state championship in wrestling first year as a high school, sophomore,
because that high school started then. And I, uh, anyway,
long story short,
this neighbor kid ended up murdering my sister. And, uh,
he had walked to school with me a couple of weeks before that and uh,
said something to me who I should, if I would've communicated,
uh, it might've saved her life, you know,
just because she probably would've never let the guy into the, her house.
What did he say? He just said like, boy, you gotta a hot sister.
You know? And, and he was kinda my age one year older than me,
but my sister was four years older than me.
So he was probably 16 and she was 19 and,
and she had a boyfriend and she was living in home yet. And,
and uh, so, so the funny thing is,
is I didn't, I actually was going to come home and say something to her,
but when I got home, I got distracted and I said, oh, it's just boy talk,
you know, it's this boy talking then it was mostly about, he,
he just thought my,
my sister was really hot and that he would like to do something, whether,
you know, but he never really said outright, I'm going to, I didn't,
I just figured something, you know, the boy boys would like to do, you know,
but anyway, so the, you know,
that two weeks later we're on a fishing trip with my mom and dad and my sister
is supposed to join us and she doesn't show up cause she worked for my
dad after, uh, she went to college for a year and then she worked for my dad,
uh, after that as a secretary, the real estate business. So, uh,
she didn't show up. So we called the neighbor.
And back in those days you didn't have cell phones. So we had, uh,
we had a phone, uh, that was outside of cabin that we rented.
Now I can date you because the date at the cabin,
we rented for four bucks a night. So, you know, it's just unheard of,
and that was, you know, it would've been, uh, uh, 1964.
So, so we were at a payphone and about a half a block from,
from the cabin that we were renting and we rolled the window down and you put
the dimer nickel in the phone and you call it. My dad called the, uh,
I was in the front back seat. My mom and dad were in front.
My dad was driving and he called the neighbor and he asked if, um,
my sister's car was still in the driveway. And he said, yes.
So when she was supposed to beat Dallas,
90 miles away that morning and she didn't show up. So,
so my dad and my mom get really nervous and I tell him,
they tell him to go get break into that house. If he can't, you know,
if there's nobody, you know,
he can't get in break into it or she doesn't answer the door, but you know,
get into that house and call us back. So it's it.
You can see the tension in the front seat of the car. You know,
I can see my mom and dad were in the phone rings finally at about 15 minutes
later. And all of a sudden the, uh,
my dad drops the phone and, and um, my,
my mom was going,
she was kind of starting to go a Storico Mo know what was wrong. And,
and he looked over, I'll never forget this, you know, being a 15 year old kid.
And I looked at my dad said to her,
Diane's not alive. And oh my God, you know, it's just,
my mom opened the door of the car. She took off running back to the block,
to the cabin. I got out and ran after me. When I,
when I followed her into the cabin.
By that time she was already on the floor and she had grabbed her hair and she
was pulling her head, hitting the wooden floor.
And she looked up and she had blood all over her forehead. And, um,
uh, so my dad then followed in and we packed up real quick, a blunt,
10 minutes. We left half the stuff there. And we took off from my hometown,
my 90 miles away. But within 15 men, within a half hour of that phone call,
I was in the backseat.
And there was a lot of trauma going on in that front seat. And I said to my dad,
dad, I may know something about this. I don't know for sure,
but I may. And he, you know, he overreacted, he slammed the car.
The brakes on the car got out of the car, came around, opened the door,
pulled me out, slammed me against the door. What do you mean?
You may know something about it.
And then I told him the story about the two weeks before that me walking
to school with a neighbor kid and what he had said,
and he just hugged me and throw me back in the car.
And we stopped at the next town,
which is about 15 miles later and went into the police station.
And we told the police what had happened as far as, uh,
sister daughter getting murdered the night before. And we were on our way there.
But, but this,
my kid told me a story that I think if you could help me as soon as possible.
So they called a head to the Waterloo police department,
the Waterloo police located, he was at work
sacking groceries the next day in a grocery store. And so they,
and he'd actually admitted right there that he did it, you know, after they,
they, they got him. But the thing is, what's, it's amazing is
this guy. And then he escaped from prison after about 20. He was only 16.
He went to got life in penitentiary, you know, and, uh, and, uh,
he escaped and that pretty much doomed him ever getting out.
And, uh, then cause he was out for a month before they, they caught him.
And he actually in the trial,
he was so mad about getting sentenced to life in prison that he pointed to
the Gable family and on the way out, and he said he was gonna kill us all.
And uh, so anyway,
this guy goes to prison and uh, he lives in,
he dies in prison after he broke out and he never really got a chance to ever
let him out. But here's the thing. So it's just about, oh, I don't know,
say it's seven, eight years ago when he passed away,
but where we got another cabin now it's about 30 miles north of the cabin.
That was,
we were in that time and that was a rental cabin S torn down now and we go right
by that place.
So we're going right by that place. Actually, I'd been at weed.
Me and my wife had been at our cabin that my mom and dad owned and they,
that I inherited when they passed on, but we were at that cancer, uh,
cabinet and we were coming home and we're going right by the spot where that
payphone was and where we had learned about her death.
And as a cell phone call,
it's the warden of the prison he's in.
I think it was Indiana. He was in Indiana, the prison.
And the warden told me
that the guy that murdered your sister just died
the exact same spot where I learned of the murder I was driving by.
And it's 130 minutes off,
about 150 miles from whilst actually a lot further than that.
So it's like spooky. It's like real spooky.
And then what what's really amazing is what he said to me, the warden,
he said before he died,
he was seeing a counselor and a concert told me this, that he said, you know,
I really sh I, he repented. He said, I really shouldn't have,
I feel bad about killing Diane Gable. I mean,
this is years later. Uh, uh, but that he had told,
and he had been rehabbed somewhat. And he goes,
and the reason why he said, I knew I was going to kill somebody, but he said,
because she was such a nice girl,
you know, oh my God. He said, he knew he was going to kill somebody. He said,
he'd knew he was gonna kill somebody. Just, it was just who he was.
And they told me that. And, and, you know,
I cried for an hour and got a lot out of me,
but you know,
as bad as my dad felt, my mom felt and,
you know, I felt probably it,
I kind of got rid of a lot of hatred when, when he told me that,
that he admitted that she was such a nice girl, that he shouldn't have done it.
And it was, you know, probably not too full for her.
He probably did it on his death bed or something,
but he probably had all these guilt, but, but you know, it helped me too.
And it helped me because even though I,
I cried for an hour and I think the stuff you build up
inside you, sometimes you just,
you don't know what it's going to take to get it, get it out of you.
And I think that really helped me with my situation
because you always feel a little guilty because of maybe you could have saved
her life. But, but more than that,
it's been something that I based my whole life on to, uh,
just communication. I mean, this is your business communication. I mean,
there's, um, sometimes my wife's tells me, I'm telling her too much, you know,
you don't need to tell me, you know, we don't need to talk about this. I said,
yeah, I do hi to, you know, I need to talk about, it's not just that.
It's just anything that there's crops up.
I need to go home and I need to have a conversation with somebody
that I, that I, I like and love. And, um,
to be able to see whether I'm doing the right thing or I'm not doing the right
thing.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.